Updating documentation to reflect Kafka compatibility of kafka-connect-mq-source (#163)
ibm-messaging/kafka-connect-mq-source: README.md

**Note**: A sink connector for IBM MQ is also available on [GitHub](https://github.com/ibm-messaging/kafka-connect-mq-sink).

> **Compatibility:**: This Connector supports Kafka versions upto 3.9. It is not compatible with Kafka 4.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Kafka version support:**: This connector supports Kafka versions upto 3.9. It is not compatible with Kafka 4.x.
```

> **Kafka version support:**: This connector supports Kafka versions upto 3.9. It is not compatible with Kafka 4.x.

Reviewer: Remove the extra ':' after 'Kafka version support'
